August 07, 2013
###############
:date: 2013-08-07
:slug: board-meeting-minutes-2013-08-07


Participating
-------------
Leah Silen, Anthony Scopatz, Andy Terrel, Fernando Perez,

Not attending
-------------

Treasurerâ€™s Report - Anthony
----------------------------
* Checking: $9,150.46
* Savings: $4,849.86

Expecting a few checking acct. disbursements: reimbursements, M. Droetboom is waiting for the Mac Mini reimbursement.  Matplotlib is having a meeting on August 15th, at that point they will have a better idea of their expenses.

We should get a second person to help out with treasurer activities, which is right now the most demanding job of all and Anthony is overloaded with this work.

Taxes are due on the 15th, so Anthony is very busy with that.

Approval of Minutes from Last Meeting
-------------------------------------
The minutes have been approved.

Old Business
============
a.  Update on Fiscal Sponsorship Agreement

Tony Sebro (from Software Conservancy) reviewed our current FSA draft, and he indicated that in its current form, our FSA is ambiguous regarding whether we are engaging a grantor-grantee relationship or a full sponsorship one.  Once he returns from vacation he offered to join us in a phone call.

Liability coverage was also discussed, he indicated that under a grantor-grantee model, liability for actions outside of a specific grant would rest on the individual project members.

Action item: we will schedule a special phone call with Tony and as many board members as  possible to further discuss his evaluation of our FSA and gather advice.

 
New Business
============
a. Board member size (potential to include someone from R maybe Julia?)

Worry about dilution and bystander effect for the board.  Increasing size would make it worse.  Perhaps asking if there is a board member who would be willing to step down and invite someone from one of the new committees. 

Perhaps a better approach would be an annual review where board members are able to volunteer for the next year. Then community members from R and Julia can be invited to join that process.  Importantly making sure that there is not a Python bias always in the future. 

We propose a date for this board election, June 1st. 

In short term a proposal is to include non-board members to committees. At very minimum start with a membership drive with R and Julia communities to join our mailing list.  We should find a champion from each community to make our case.  We should draft a letter for these champion asking two things:

1. Become a NumFOCUS member

2. Join our mailing list.

Question: Are we done defining our membership model?

Point of information: 227 ppl on NumFOCUS public mailing list.
