Minutes - November 21, 2012
###########################
:url: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2012-11-21.html
:save_as: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2012-11-21.html


Attendance
----------
**Participating**:
Leah Holdridge, Perry Greenfield, Fernando Perez, Jarrod Millman, Travis Oliphant

**Not Attending**:
Anthony Scopatz, Andy Terrel, Emmanuelle Gouillart, Ralf Gommers

News Items
==========
Emmanuelle Gouillart, Andy Terrel and Ralf Gommers accepted Board Membership.  We’re waiting on Prabhu Ramachandran, Perry will contact him.

Fernando presented at PyCon CA.  Met with Elizabeth Liddy of Plone Foundation.  There is much to learn from Plone Foundation including Roberts Rules

E. Liddy emphasized the importance of transparency to build the community, suggested making minutes of meetings public.  We will 

Domains
-------
Travis Vaught donated scipy.com and scipy.net.   John Turner donated numpy.org and numpy.com.  Fernando will let py4science.* lapse unless someone on the list wants them.  Action item: Troy Troy Powell from Continuum will help us with the registration transfer.  

Teams
=====
Chaired by a board member, otherwise autonomous.  Team 

* Membership: will start being the board itself.
* Promotion:  Identifying projects to promote --- getting twitter account and promoting Python for science and data analysis
* Grants: Jarrod offered to chair this one.
* Fundraising.
* Web site:  We need good team members for this one.
* Sprint Team: Specifically focused on helping projects get sprints organized, run, and providing some financial help
* Community Outreach:  work with individual software projects.  This team is 1-2 board members plus representatives of different projects.  This is promotion but to open source developers. 
* Software Engineering Team:  Work on continuous integration, unified documentation, packaging, etc.  

Web site
========
Action item: the web site needs to be updated.
