Minutes - June 20, 2012
#######################
:url: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2012-06-20.html
:save_as: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2012-06-20.html


Attendance
----------
**Participating**:
Leah Holdridge, Anthony Scopatz, Travis Oliphant, Jarrod Millman, John Hunter,
Perry Greenfield

**Not Attending**:
Fernando Perez

Treasurer’s report
------------------

* SciPy has been disbursed.
* International wire setup.  EuroSciPy has yet to be funded.  Will be funded
  with a wire (Belgium doesn’t take checks).
* Stefan has been paid for the buildbot.

PSF Fiscal Sponsorship
----------------------

* http://www.adlercolvin.com/resources/basic-resources.php#tab_forms

* Leah will check with accountant, Perry and Anthony will check into these
  forms of sponsorship and we will decide how to proceed with the PSF. 

501(c)(3) Application  

* Affiliated Project Application:
  https://docs.google.com/a/numfocus.org/document/d/1nLK1Qrdnh3PJKZ7vgo763q8Yv9-wpWwDH7lJj_gp4UI/edit

* Revenue/Expense Budget Projections
  https://docs.google.com/a/numfocus.org/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0AgeZEXdbNXbVdGViNmZacG1CWmw1ZDJ6dFJRX2xxWkE

* Bylaws draft to be added to Google doc so we can start reviewing it.

* Write to project mailing lists to see if we can start getting some donations
  (they won’t be tax-exempt yet).  This will help us assess the potential
  contributions we might expect to see once we get tax exempt status, which
  will help us make better budget projections.  (If we get the tax exempt
  status before taxes are due, people may be able to amend their taxes.)

SciPy Conferences
-----------------

We got two free passes that will be used by Fernando and Anthony 

Leah is creating a short ad for distribution to conference attendees and will
solicit short blurbs from the numfocus mailing list.

Fernando and Anthony will organize a BoF to engage conference attendees in a
discussion about the foundation.

Bylaw Discussion
----------------

Jarrod brought up the desire to distinguish member from donor after Perry left.
Travis and John agreed.   Ideas for a member that came from the discussion
ensued.   Here is a proposal by Travis:

A member is one who:

* agrees to a regular donation schedule (at least yearly, but could be
  monthly).  The schedule will be commensurate with status (student, early
  professional, professional, retired).

* must be invited by another member and approved by at least 3 board members

* can nominate for the board and be nominated for the board

* can participate in special elections as described below

Board elections must end with an odd number of members --- can contain up to 9
members but must have at least 3.   Board elected by itself by a strict
majority.  All board elections are done by the board defined *before* the
election.   

Members can replace a board member by calling for a special election with a
majority of the members agreeing and ⅔ majority of membership agreeing to the
replacement. 

Board can create councils and committees as needed to accomplish its mission. 

Action Items
------------
Jarrod:  Contact David about discussing fundraising practices with us.

Perry:  Review Kurt Kaiser forms and advise on action with PSF

Anthony:  Pay EuroSciPy

All:  Review bylaw draft

Leah:  Finish Bylaws

Travis: Post to NumPy and SciPy mailing lists requesting donations

John: Post to Matplotlib mailing list requesting donations
