Minutes - June 06, 2012
#######################
:url: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2012-06-06.html
:save_as: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2012-06-06.html


Attendance
----------
**Participating**:
Leah Holdridge, Anthony Scopatz, Fernando Perez, Jarrod Millman, Stefan van der
Walt, Perry Greenfield.

**Not Attending**:
Travis Oliphant, John Hunter.

Treasurer’s report
------------------
* Decided to fund Stefan’s buildbot, working on payment logistics.
* Decided to fund Scipy/Euroscipy.

Fundraising
-----------
We need to raise further funding as accounts are very low right now.  We’re not
a 501(c)(3) yet, and this is not mentioned in promotional materials yet.

Kitware will be making a donation soon through the PSF, but there hasn’t been
much feedback from the PSF yet.  This would be the first donation to Numfocus.
It should have already happened, but PSF hasn’t been contacted for the money
yet.  Jarrod suggests that we confirm the money transfer from the PSF actually
happens; Anthony will focus on this in the next two weeks.

Strategy: private fundraising party.  We’ll try to identify targets.

Dave Beazley mentioned that HP is diving deep into Python, follow up with him
for funding possibilities.

Large companies mentioned include HP and the financial industry.

Perry suggests mining download logs and mailing list logs.

Leah will start a shared google spreadsheet to plan the logistics of
fundraising.

Small donations for individual projects are ready, but not tax deductible
because it’s a direct paypal button.  We’ll need to wait for the PSF mechanism
to be tested before we can take tax-deductible donations.

http://www1.networkforgood.org/: look into it as an option for funding.

Jarrod will contact David Welle (from Deep Springs) about his experience
fundraising (possibly to join a future conference call).

Leah indicates how critical it is to have a personal contact at the prospective
donor organization, as the success rate in that case is vastly higher than cold
calling.

Astropy
-------
Perry will check with astropy mailing list to see if anyone objects to numfocus
owning the astropy.org domain.

501(c)(3) Application  
-----------------------
These are documents we need to file:

* Affiliated Project Application – shared google doc :
  https://docs.google.com/a/numfocus.org/document/d/1nLK1Qrdnh3PJKZ7vgo763q8Yv9-wpWwDH7lJj_gp4UI/edit
* Revenue/Expense Budget Projections:
  https://docs.google.com/a/numfocus.org/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0AgeZEXdbNXbVdGViNmZacG1CWmw1ZDJ6dFJRX2xxWkE
* Bylaws: use the Apache and PSF ones as guidance
* Request for funding application
* Fellowship application


Action items: help out with:
* Affiliated Project Application document.
* Budget

Promotion at conferences?
* Poster
* Banner

For each of these, check that there will be space to hang/present it.

Find out what we are allowed to send to Scipy/euroscipy attendees as an email
(or part of one). Once we know what we can send, we’ll draft that text. 
