Minutes - August 01, 2012
#########################
:url: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2012-08-01.html
:save_as: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2012-08-01.html


Attendance
----------
**Participating**:
Leah Holdridge, Travis Oliphant, Jarrod Millman, Perry Greenfield, Fernando
Perez, Anthony Scopatz.  Greg Wilson is present as guest.

**Not Attending**:
John Hunter

Treasurer’s Report
------------------
* Decided to fund PyPy-in-a-box (Maciej Fijalkowski).

Old Business
============
- SciPy: citations project, reorganization of web pages for numpy/scipy,
  Numfocus could encourage/support this process.  Good funding discussion, the
  idea that numfocus could be explicitly promoting the tools.

- Idea: as part of our grants program, we could offer a small amount (yet to be
  determined) to community members who offer to run specific events at their
  conferences: tutorials, minisymposia, panels, etc. The

- 501(c)(3) Update

Leah is working on a detailed narrative that is required by the IRS for the
application.  Indicating what we are solving by creating the organization.  We
need to have concrete amounts on how much we fund things like students and
mentors in our fellowship program, since these questions are very specific in
the IRS application.  Leah sent the ‘Group exemptions’ information, as we need
to apply for that separately.  This lets us act as umbrella organization for
other groups (astropy, sympy, etc).  This is separate from fiscal sponsorship,
these groups become known as ‘Subordinate organizations’.  Greg Wilson
indicates that if the PSF had done this 14 years ago, the process for Software
Carpentry would have been much smoother.  It would give a path for small to
medium sized groups to have the benefits of 501c3 status without having to do
the full-blown application process by themselves.  In practice, the IRS is
delegating the authority to grant 501c3 coverage to us, as long as we accept
the responsibility of vetting and monitoring those who get that coverage.

- Individual donor contributions

- Bylaws: signing

- AOE media Inc. sponsorship

New Business
============
- Changes to our Certificate of Formation:  need formal approval of new purpose
  and supplemental provision reflecting the purpose of NumFOCUS agreed on last
  meeting

- Citation/publication list: Anthony

- Sloan foundation opportunities: Fernando

- For 501c3 application:

1) we need to have an itemized list of all gifts, grants, and other amounts
   paid out for this year. We have a total of $34,000 on our budget

2) I also have to itemize gross receipts from merchandise sold or services
   performed.  We have $750 for this year on the budget.

Since this is not required by the IRS, we will zero it out for now and will
deal with sales/services when we actually have any.

- Addresses for Jarrod and John to send the bylaws signature page

-   501c3 Group Exemptions

- Donations: Jarrod will check that donating actually works with a small
  amount, and then will draft a mini-pledge drive and then with Fernando will
  send it to all the relevant mailing lists asking for small amounts.  We will
  in the next meeting collect statistics on this.

- We need to find out how to make a donation without forcing the donor to have
  a paypal/google account.  Paypal seems to indicate that’s possible
  (https://www.paypal.com/uk/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=xpt/cps/general/OptionalAccount-outside),
  but their payment page doesn’t show a way to not create an account.

- Greg Wilson

By 5pm Friday, Mozilla has to submit an application to the Sloan foundation
that will fund Software Carpentry (SWC) for 2 years.  This would allow SWC to
scale its coverage to ~2500-3000 scientists.  The workshops would continue
covering the ‘stack’ SWC covers so far: shell, version control, testing,
python, etc.  Greg Wilson is shifting his personal focus to ‘train the
trainers’ so that SWC has more trainers.  Greg is asking for better
communication and coordination with numfocus on what tools we use, how we
teach, etc.  If grant is funded, Matlab will be dropped from the curriculum,
and Windows support may also be dropped because Windows users consume too many
resources. Git may be dropped as the version control tool in favor of mercurial
because of past difficulties. SWC is looking to expand towards Latin America
and the European Union.

- Josh Greenberg: Fernando will contact Josh, Travis and Leah to start the
  conversation with the Sloan foundation regarding possible help from them with
  our becoming a 501c3.

- There are a few changes to the IRS.  We need to amend the old purpose of the
  foundation to a new purpose:

New purpose:
------------

The  purpose of NumFOCUS is to promote the use of accessible and reproducible
computing in science and technology.

This is accomplished through:

* Educational programs
* The promotion of high-level languages, reproducible scientific research, and
  open-code development
* An increase in collaborative research tools and documentation

Old purpose:
------------

Through research grants, scholarships, project sponsorships, and maintenance of
open source software, NumFOCUS will promote the development and use of
high-level, array-based computer languages for improving the practice of
reproducible science, engineering, and data analytics.


Votes: Jarrod, Perry, Fernando approve these changes to our official purpose
statement.
