Minutes - May 16, 2012
######################
:url: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2012-05-16.html
:save_as: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2012-05-16.html


Attendance
----------
**Participating**:
Leah Holdridge, Anthony Scopatz, Travis Oliphant, Fernando Perez, Jarrod
Millman, John Hunter, Stefan van der Walt.

**Not Attending**:
Perry Greenfield

Meeting frequency
-----------------
Proposal to meet every other week, at least for the initial setup phase of
numfocus. Hopefully once things are working smoothly, frequency can decrease.
This proposal was agreed upon, for now.  We’ll revisit to reduce as soon as
feasible.

New members
-----------
Travis asks how to engage others: include more people in the board? 

Mailing list
------------
We will continue using the public NumFOCUS group for public discussion:
http://groups.google.com/group/numfocus/about.  This is publicly accessible and
archived, anyone can join.

We continue to have trouble with Leah’s and Anthony’s posts not reaching the
group. Jarrod changed the membership list to use actual email addresses instead
of numfocus addresses (e.g., admin@numfocus.org).

News
----
Other projects? PyAMG, (Jacob Schroder) AstroPy (Erik Tollerud)?

Fernando will send SFC application so we can use it as an example and make an
explicit sponsorship offer to these projects as well as request they fill 

IRS Status
----------
Leah explained that we can be tax umbrella for projects without taking their
donations ourselves.  Also, that the IRS 501c3 status doesn’t look as difficult
to obtain as we thought, the IRS contact has been supportive.

Plan is to submit application this month, if possible.

SciPy/EuroSciPy sponsorship
---------------------------
Approved, earmarked towards the “community scholarship” item. We will offer the
cost of two domestic scholarships, which we estimate to be roughly $1200.

For EuroSciPy, we approve sponsorship at the silver level, which is 1000 euros
($1275).

PDF presentation
----------------
Feedback was given to Leah on this.  John will send some updated figures,
Fernando will send some text corrections.

Prospective donors & fundraising
--------------------------------
A spreadsheet will be started with information about potential donors, contact
persons, etc.

Hardware and cloud time donations
---------------------------------
Contact hardware vendors as well as the various cloud providers to try to get
time donations as well as hardware to be donated to projects and developers
(especially laptops).

A special PDF presentation will be created to send to potential Hardware and
cloud donors. 

Discussion channels
-------------------
All tax-sensitive discussions will happen on the private admin mailing list,
but we’ll try to do as much as we can on the public google group from now on.

Friends of NumFOCUS
-------------------
In a discussion about including D.E. Shaw on the “Friends of NumFOCUS” page it
was decided to create “levels” of funding for inclusion on such a page.  $5000
donation was suggested as a minimum amount for a company to be included.
The idea of creating a “Success Stories” page was suggested so that companies
could promote their use of the NumFOCUS projects.
