Minutes - July 11, 2012
#######################
:url: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2012-07-11.html
:save_as: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2012-07-11.html


Attendance
----------
**Participating**:
Leah Holdridge, Travis Oliphant, Jarrod Millman, John Hunter, Perry Greenfield

**Not Attending**:
Anthony Scopatz, Fernando Perez

Treasurer’s report
------------------
Delayed due to Anthony Scopatz’ absence

501(c)(3) Application

Old Business
============

Leah incorporated feedback from last meeting and only a few final questions
remain.  Plan to finalize application prior to SciPy and ask a few lawyers to
review.

Aligning the purpose of NumFOCUS on all documentation.

1.  Website:  

- To initiate and support educational programs furthering the use of open
  source software in science - To promote the use of high-level languages and
  open source in science, engineering and math research
- To encourage scientific research
- To provide infrastructure, legal, and organizational support for open-source
  projects for technical computing 

2.   Slide presentation:

The  purpose of NumFOCUS is to promote the use of accessible and reproducible
computing in science and technology.

This is accomplished through:

* Educational programs
* The promotion of high-level languages, reproducible scientific research, and
  open-code development * An increase in collaborative research tools and
  documentation

3.  Certificate of Formation:

- Through research grants, scholarships, project sponsorships, and maintenance
  of open source software, NumFOCUS will promote the development and use of
  high-level, array-based computer languages for improving the practice of
  reproducible science, engineering, and data analytics.

Software Carpentry workshops

* NumFocus “Distribution”.  Idea was raised about creating/distributing
  complete distribution for scientific computing.  Feeling was that this was
  the kind of activity the foundation might financially support, but probably
  wouldn’t be a core activity of the foundation itself.

* Promoting SC workshops through NumFocus was generally supported.  Will be
  added to our educational projects page along with inSCIght.

AOE media Inc. sponsorship

Action Items
------------

* Jarrod:  Contact David about discussing fundraising practices with us and
  mention.
* Fernando:  Organize Numfocus BoF at US SciPy to adopt bylaws and promote
  foundation.  Present foundation in lightning talk.
* Leah:  Send email with specific items left for 501(c)(3) application
* Travis:  Contact Van Lindberg to review application.
* John:  Contact XX to review application.
