Minutes - October 28, 2013
###########################
:url: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2013-10-28.html
:save_as: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2013-10-28.html


Attendance
----------
**Participating**:
Andy Terrel, Travis Oliphant, Leah Silen, Perry Greenfield, Anthony Scopatz,
Matt Terry, Fernando Perez.

**Not Attending**:
Emmanuelle Gouillart, Jarrod Millman, Didrik Pinte, Ralf Gommers


Approval of Minutes from Last Meeting
-------------------------------------
The minutes have been approved.

Treasurer's Report
------------------
Anthony has been working with TANO (Texas Association of Nonprofit
Organizations) to do our taxes (990 filing), which are due on November 15th.
Anthony and Donna Davis at TANO have made progress and Donna should be
providing very soon a 990 to review. The move to Quickbooks made the process
much easier.  Anthony, Matt Terry and Matt McCormick set up the ability to also
donate via bitcoin, which is already live on the website.


Old Business
============

FSA
~~~
1. **Grantor Grantee Model**: question on highlighted wording below. Do we want to
include FOSS project governing documents?

    1.  Grantee shall provide Grantor with a link to any governing documents
    (articles of incorporation or FOSS governance documents), on-line repositories,
    mailing lists, other communication channels (such as IRC or hipchat) and
    websites.   Grantee shall also provide the names of 2 or 3 contact people
    (these should not be members of the NumFOCUS Board of Directors ) who will
    provide any required reporting and will formally verify, at least annually,
    that all funds are used in accordance with the tax-exempt purposes of NumFOCUS. 

Our Grantor Grantee: https://docs.google.com/a/numfocus.org/document/d/18n_wrjNqUmruQxTQHJRY9Q01IgHFeQCvyUo8utQNUvo/edit

2. **Comprehensive Model**

NumFOCUS Credit Card
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Leah has started the process of getting a credit card. We need two/three people
to sign the documents for the card, who will not be the card holders. Leah will
clarify what the personal liability implications are for the signers, and once
that is sorted out we will move forward.

Membership program
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
PSF model: https://docs.google.com/a/numfocus.org/document/d/1z7hHII7_zKPku3w4M3rNHLPV6DE8EnjENiTZXd9ucn8/edit    

NumFOCUS draft:
https://docs.google.com/a/numfocus.org/document/d/1fM8UtURPPXQT7nn4l71BC117iqWlCFTdANP9YeB-wDs/edit

Perry will provide some final edits to the membership docs so we can vote on them and approve it.


New Business
============

PyHPC talk - Matt Turk
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
This will be a talk about NumFOCUS at the PyHPC event at Supercomputing’13 in
November (held in Denver).  Anthony won’t be able to make it due to some travel
conflicts, but Matt Turk (project lead for yt) will present. Andy Terrel will
be around, so he can coordinate with Matt. Anthony will provide Matt Turk with
slides.
