Minutes - May 15, 2013
######################
:url: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2013-05-15.html
:save_as: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2013-05-15.html


Attendance
----------
**Participating**:
Anthony Scopatz, Leah Silen, Perry Greenfield, Fernando Perez, Andy Terrel,
Emmanuelle Gouillart

**Not Attending**:
Jarrod Millman, Ralf Gommers, Travis Oliphant, Didrik Pinte

Approval of Minutes From Last Meeting 
--------------------------------------

a. Minutes can be viewed at: 

https://docs.google.com/a/numfocus.org/document/d/1fyK21hL4r83foiPzlWwbeCOTCe0Btn92vSK9QwAx22c/edit#

The minutes were approved.

Treasurer’s Report
------------------
* Checking: $2,893.04
* Savings: $4,549.27

We filed an IRS form 8868 on May 14th (Woohoo!).  This gives us a 3-month
extension to file our 990 form and Schedule A.  In this time we will contact an
accountant and file our 990.

Old Business
============

a.  Fiscal Sponsorship https://docs.google.com/document/d/1io9G2hJQ4-4EGy4Pqmlb9N-5MqMdmBMlzL_NhCBWfF4/edit

Detailed discussions of the language of the document took place, and all edits
will be put on github for approval of the final version over the next week.

b.  Sponsor level discussion and approval:
    https://docs.google.com/a/numfocus.org/document/d/12mjYidMAoA723gM07Dy7RCiRjZIpu4OHXw4Fv7pwcf0/edit

Leah requested input on this document so that we have official ‘levels’ of
sponsorship for corporate donations, based on feedback obtained from industry
partners who are interested in providing support for NumFOCUS but want
explicitly defined amounts to participate.

Team Reports 
=============

Membership 
-----------
* Switch corporate membership to sponsorship
* Membership Information Form approval
  https://docs.google.com/a/numfocus.org/spreadsheet/gform?key=0AgeZEXdbNXbVdEt4MGJ2Rk0zSFJLTHNIMGhGWDdTYVE&gridId=0#edit

Publicity
---------
* Call for someone to redesign website through mailing list, Leah will continue
  this conversation in public.

New Business
============
a.  Donation for matplotlib from Simula. Hans-Petter Langtangen is managing the
    paperwork to make a donation earmarked for matplotlib support.

b.  Astropy request for approval of NumFOCUS taking ownership of the ERFA
    library, (Essential Routines for Fundamental Astronomy) 

The license of this library is not GPL-compatible, and the authors aren’t
willing to change the license.  But the authors are willing to allow a fork of
the library that changes the *name* of the project, and which then will
relicense the newly-named project. 

Perry will circulate by email the original license so we can take an email vote.

c. PyData Boston - July 27-28. This will be the next pydata event, 2-days, held
   at a Microsoft venue (donated by MS).  Leah is looking for speakers,
   Fernando will send a few links to her.

d. Funding Request: Women in Science reception at SciPy 2013. This will be led
   by Kristen Ting and Barbara Shaurette (from PyLadies Austin). Andy is
   requesting $300, and he will seek matching funds from the PSF.  A was taken
   and approved.
