Minutes - October 02, 2013
##########################
:url: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2013-10-02.html
:save_as: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2013-10-02.html


Attendance
----------
**Participating**: 
Leah Silen, Perry Greenfield, Matt Terry, Fernando Perez, Anthony Scopatz, Andy
R. Terrel

**Not Attending**:
Emmanuelle Gouillart, Jarrod Millman, Travis Oliphant, Didrik Pinte, Ralf
Gommers

Approval of Minutes from Last Meeting
-------------------------------------
- Leah will highlight things that are not public

- Approved: Matt and Anthony


Old Business
============

FSA - Tony’s comments on G/G model
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
- Tabled for next meeting
- Leah and Travis are rephrasing and will send around again.

New Business
============

Accounting software update
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- Now fully integrated with QuickBooks

- Try to refine for more transactional details

- QuickBooks good at accounting, however less so at storing documents for
  auditing. An extra add-on called SmartVault, which we are using, can do this
  for us.  Still in the trial phase for both products, but strongly feel we
  should buy these services.  About $40/month for QuickBooks and $20/month for
  SmartVault, ~$700/year - $100.

- Motion to make expense proposed by Anthony.

  1. Seconded by Fernando

  2. Passed unanimously.

Six weeks left for tax filing. Paid TANO to file taxes, and require raw data.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- Anthony requests for Leah to interface with TANO on this action

  + Can give QuickBooks sharing, don’t use personal accounts, have numfocus.org
    account

  + Critical to have more than Anthony to know about the system.

- Can SmartVault handle documents signed by orgs?

  + No webpage, for automatic handling, but a user can specify.  

  + Envision a system with 1-3 pdf’s per transactions.

    * Need to become much more formal about the process. Hopefully through the
      website.

Getting other people to know the process
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
* London user on mailing list knows about running financials of orgs.

  - Do people know him?

    + No.

  - What kind of things do we want him to help out?

    + Fernando suggests a formal interview with references due to the nature of
      financial information.

    + At first, no spending authority (no one other than someone officially a
      member of board)

    + Interview to even have access to information

      a. Ask for resume 
      b. Ask for three references

  - Anthony will send out email to him to start this process

Misc
----

* Leah will get information about pursuing a line of credit.

* Leah put in shared numfocus drive: FSA Donation Suggestions from Tony
