Minutes - June 12, 2013
#######################
:url: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2013-06-12.html
:save_as: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2013-06-12.html


Attendance
----------
**Participating**:
Leah Silen, Ralf Gommers, Fernando Perez, Perry Greenfield, Travis Oliphant,
Brian Granger (visiting)

**Not Attending**:
Anthony Scopatz, Didrik Pinte, Jarrod Millman, Andy Terrel, Emmanuelle Gouillart

Discussion of Fiscal Sponsorship
--------------------------------
Brian Granger visited to discuss the fiscal sponsorship documents.   Brian
wanted to clarify what the services were related to fiscal sponsorship and
ensure that NumFOCUS is clear about what it is providing for the overhead fees.
A healthy discussion ensued which led to the action item of updating our fiscal
document as well as the messaging around that document to clarify the services
provided by NumFOCUS.   In particular issues like tax liability insurance and
any legal help to be provided to the projects was clarified. 

5/29 Minutes approved
---------------------

Items discussed
---------------
Updating Fiscal Sponsorship Document --- Fernando will update fiscal document
to provide overview of services.  We should take care not to over-promise in
the legal document and provide most of the service listing on our website. 

Membership Modifications --- Travis and Leah will update the membership
language based around a new model suggested by Van Lindberg for the PSF and
send around the bylaw amendment for approval.   

Leah will remind Fernando to talk to Josh Greenberg about NumFOCUS during their
conversations next week (Wed and Thurs.)

Other approvals:
----------------
* Moving web-page to github-backed approach

Fernando suggested: http://opentechschool.github.io/python-data-intro, whose repo is: 

https://github.com/opentechschool/python-data-intro

Old Business
============

a.  Fiscal Sponsorship https://docs.google.com/document/d/1io9G2hJQ4-4EGy4Pqmlb9N-5MqMdmBMlzL_NhCBWfF4/edit

* Update FSA with a short description of services offered, using SWC as a
  guide.

* Find out what tax liability insurance costs or if it’s better done with
  generic insurance for numfocus, and what we can offer from this to the
  projects.

* Building a list of attorneys that could be available for projects and finding
  our rates. 10 h/year possible? For non-US projects, NF will contribute this
  equivalent amount back to the project.


b.  SciPy - Who will be attending? - NumFOCUS BoF. Fernando, Andy, Travis


Document listing the PSF Model that we are basing NumFOCUS membership model on

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1z7hHII7_zKPku3w4M3rNHLPV6DE8EnjENiTZXd9ucn8/edit?usp=sharing

Travis and Leah will update language to amend NumFOCUS bylaws and we will use email to approve.

New Business
============
a.  Fiscal Sponsorship of SymPy. Will tell them to wait a little bit for us to finish revamping the FSA before they sign. Leah and Travis will set up e-signing.

b.  NumFOCUS logo and link on project sites

c. numfocus.org redesign plans, Will look into doing something like this site: http://opentechschool.github.io/python-data-intro, whose repo is:

https://github.com/opentechschool/python-data-intro

