Minutes - September 04, 2013
############################
:url: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2013-09-04.html
:save_as: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2013-09-04.html


Attendance
----------
**Participating**:
Andy R. Terrel, Travis Oliphant, Didrik Pinte, Perry Greenfield, Leah Silen

**Not Attending**:
Emmanuelle Gouillart, Ralf Gommers, Anthony Scopatz, Fernando Perez, Jarrod Millman

Treasurer’s Report
------------------
(Anthony's report, given by Travis)

* No money from JPMorgan yet, promised venue for PyData NYC

* More visibility needed for projects funds.  

   - Not easy solutions:

      + QuickBooks expensive
      + Spreadsheets don’t scale but might do so for a while

   - Scikit-learn would probably be okay with a spreadsheet

* Start with private spreadsheet or monthly report

Approval of Minutes from Last Meeting
-------------------------------------
The minutes have been approved.

Old Business
============

FSA
---
General consensus seems that grantor-grantee with more service for
trademark and such.  Comprehensive should be made available by request.

Need to rewrite FSA document - Need volunteers - Travis recommends to
just write documents as needed rather than full rewrite now. Have a
board member be responsible for approving use of funds.  Best
protection we have is really to get a bigger membership, could spend
many many hours on legalize and still not have everything setup
correctly.

Andy’s concern is just having a representative from each community
and formalizing that enough to avoid problems.

Andy suggests moving ahead with small contracts with orgs that are
begin held up, Travis starting a template for these orgs:

    - Scikit-learn,
    - Matplotlib,
    - Sympy, 
    - Spyder

        
New Website
-----------
Leah gives update on switch over to new one developed by Matt Terry.  Still
working on the bugs.  Adding content to old site for now. Hopefully launch in
the next month.

Membership Update
-----------------
Should be set to process new members and start campaign.  Amendment to bylaws
posted, working on change content on site about membership.

New Business
============
a.  Madagascar Project headed by Sergey Fomel asked to be a sponsored project.

b. Sponsor of SciPy2014, what kind of sponsorship would NumFOCUS be interested in.  Maybe discuss being a 501(c)(3) partner for the meeting.

c. PyData Boston meeting will bring in $5K to be used for projects or sponsoring attendance to future meetings.
