Minutes - November 25, 2013
############################
:url: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2013-11-25.html
:save_as: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2013-11-25.html


Attendance
----------
**Participating**:
Andy R. Terrel, Perry Greenfield, Didrik Pinte, Ralf Gommers, Anthony Scopatz,
Leah Silen, Travis Oliphant, Matt Terry

**Not Attending**:
Emmanuelle Gouillart, Jarrod Millman,  Fernando Perez


Approval of Minutes from Last Meeting
-------------------------------------
Minutes pass unanimously

Treasurer's Report
------------------
Anthony provided a Profit & Loss overview.


Old Business
============

Membership (in particular, by-law vote to change from Sponsoring Member to Supporting Member)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
- Need to change wording in by-laws
- Leah says don’t need to delineate all the types
- Change the website and https://github.com/numfocus/numfocus.org/pull/63
- Move to change word sponsoring to supporting [member] in by-laws
- Perry made motion, Travis second --> Passed unanimously

Getting JPMorgan announcement of $100k donation up on website
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
- Leah will talk to Matt Terry to get short article.
- $25K from hosting PyData, $75K cash
- Consider it an annual sponsorship
- Want to set $100k as Corporate sponsorship.
- Should put $25K for technical fellowship with some more money available from PyData.
- Ralf and Jarrod will follow up on Technical Fellowship Solicitation



New Business
============
Keeping inventory of all assets (domains, servers for projects, etc.)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
- Ralf will make private Google Drive doc to start but possibly make public
- Who has all the data? Travis says all in namecheap.com account.  Would be
  good to have more access to NameCheap account

Update on PyData funding policy
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
$15k now from PyData conferences this year.   In future, at least 5% of
receipts as soon as the conference ends.  Each year (in December) any retained
earnings (above $2k) will be donated to NumFOCUS.   Continuum will continue to
serve as institutional backer. 

PyTables domain update
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Leah has not done it yet, plans on working on this today.

Numpy.com domain transfer --- need help completing this 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
John Turner has turned over numpy.org but never completed numpy.com
If anyone is interested in helping with asset management, Travis can introduce
to John (turnerja@ornl.gov) Ralf volunteers to take this on.

Comprehensive FSA
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The comprehensive FSA is 3/4-th finished. Leah is working on it with Fernando
and should hopefully have something by next meeting.
