Minutes - August 21, 2013
#########################
:url: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2013-08-21.html
:save_as: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2013-08-21.html


Attendance
----------
**Participating**:
Ralf Gommers, Leah Silen, Anthony Scopatz, Fernando Perez, Jarrod Millman,
Perry Greenfield, Andy Terrel, Travis Oliphant

Tony Sebro, from Software Conservancy, providing feedback on our FSA draft.

**Not Attending**:
Didrik Pinte, Emmanuelle Gouillart

Treasurer’s Report
------------------

Whoohoo!  The Microsoft donation for IPython came in!

Approval of Minutes from Last Meeting


Old Business
============

FSA discussion with Tony Sebro
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Limited liability protection is afforded to the projects as well as a greater
level of service, while it requires more oversight.

Grantor/grantee model is more of an arm’s length relationship.  Only
requirements are that the money is spent in accordance with the 501c3
regulations. But project members are still an unincorporated loose coalition,
tax liability is unclear for the projects, etc.

Discussion of concrete example: Microsoft donation to IPython (paid to NumFOCUS).

1) paying developer in France to write tutorials

2) hiring US developer (ex-Cal Poly student) as contractor for a year

Question is if these two things work well under grantor-grantee model, or would
it work better as comprehensive sponsor.

#2 can be done. IPython writes up a grant, wants NF to allocate money to fund
developer. NF contracts with developer. NF responsibility: check developer
output is in keeping with the grant. Main thing to be careful for: don’t look
like pass-through agent to IRS. Need paper trail showing IPython pitched the
idea, NF reviewed it, it’s in the scope of NF, then NF drafted contract with
developer. This becomes even more important if you want to fund yourself.

Holding assets becomes more difficult in grantor-grantee model. Who owns IPython trademark? 

Being done now: Julia trademarks possible in future, astronomy library copyright.

Assigning copyright is fine. Filing trademarks is hard if you’re not the entity
using/producing the trademarked thing. One individual developer could do it
(which is awkward); NF could still pay for it though. Dev can then assign
trademark to NF, NF has to draw up a license for it (so project/developers can
continue to use it). Solution may be to have a very broad trademark license.
Other solution is to license to all leaders of the project. Yet another
solution (also for reducing liability of individual devs): project incorporates
(but doesn’t file for 501(c)3 status). 

NF also can’t then just give it away under all circumstances - only in the US
but not to a foreign org (it’d have to be sold for market value).

Upside of grantor-grantee model compared to comprehensive model: actions of one
project cannot affect all other projects under the “umbrella”.

Questions for Tony:

* Q: SWC time effort, practical day-to-day workflow with projects?

    It depends… “Dormant” projects that don’t receive donations, don’t raise
    money, don’t create liability, require very little time. When projects want
    to host conferences themselves, that takes a ton of work.  For a
    grantor-grantee project, it’s much harder to run a conference or any other
    event that requires signing contracts for a venue, renting space, etc.
    Licensing issues can take time too, they require more legal scrutiny. SWC
    has two full-time staff for 29 projects, the bulk of the time is consumed
    by ~ ⅓ of those.

* Q: Under grantor/grantee, could NF still offer things like “10 hours of legal
  support per year, to be used by the project as needed”?

    There are some tricky nuances there: Tony’s retainer is with NF, but the
    discussions would be with third-parties that are not covered by
    attorney-client privilege as the projects do not belong to NF.  A
    relationship would have to be established with the individual projects.
    Tony will need to think more about this one.

* Q: Does every single expense need a grant? How would small things like paying
  for pizza for a meeting, or a night of hotel for a developer work?

    Some things are easy, e.g. a recurring cost for a hosting service.  One-off
    expenses should be recorded, though it can be relatively simple.  

    * Needed for all money distributed: grant request, grant approval and proof
      (i.e. a receipt) that the money was spent consistent with the request.

* Q: Can the grant application process have “levels” for small/medium/large sizes?

    Yes, the IRS just expects standard business practices regarding diligence.
    Important: there must be a way of linking requests, approvals in board
    minutes and receipts. The paper trail needs to be easy to track and follow,
    in case an audit is required. SWC uses the open source Ledger, but it’s a
    low-level command-line tool, they are looking for a better open source
    solution. Even proprietary solutions like Quicken don’t work very well for
    non-profit, only quite expensive solutions work well for non-profit work.

* Q: Can NF work as ‘comprehensive’ sponsor for some projects and
  grantor/grantee for others? Does it raise red flags for the IRS?

    Yes, it can be done. SWC is considering doing that and has talked to other
    non-profits about that idea.  Fiscal sponsorship is already something that
    tends to attract heightened IRS scrutiny, this probably won’t add any more
    to that scrutiny.

* Q: Is there any experience working with academics working for Universities on
  grantor-grantee model?  Specifically, we would like to avoid the large
  overhead fees that Universities charge on federal grants.

    For the most part the academic worlds are kept completely separate from the
    SWC work. Have not had to deal with granting money to University sponsored
    projects. SWC tries to be part of the process for hiring employees with
    project to make sure the due diligence is followed, in those instances we
    probably would not go with an academic.

    * SWC uses ~ $75/hour as their standard rate for contractors, they need to
      go to the board for anything above that.

* Q: Member project raises money themselves. Is there a mechanism in
  grantor-grantee model that allows for that money to go to NF?

    Money follows from use of trademark (t-shirts, conference, etc.). NF can be
    beneficiary of this money, but if trademark is not owned by NF then person
    raising the money is entitled to keep it.

* Q: You (Tony) saw an ambiguity in current FSA. What needs to change in the
  FSA in order for it to fit the grantor-grantee model?  

    If you want to go to the grantor-grantee model I suggest you start over.
    Section 2C of the SWC agreement was taken out, which wouldn’t exist in a
    grantor-grantee relationship. The grantor-grantee FSA would need to
    contain:

    * Agreement that NF accepts donations on behalf of project.

    * Agreement that NF allocates that money through grants.

    * Outline the structure under which the project can make grant requests to
      NF (this is completely missing in SWC agreement, because it’s not
      needed).

* Q: How difficult is it for a NF to switch types of sponsorship?

    It would be easy to move from a grantor-grantees relationship to
    comprehensive.  But the major problem with any termination is what happens
    with the assets.  From gg->comp you keep ownership, from comp->gg you might
    either have to grant the assets to another 5013c or sell it at market rate.

    Tony: We have a threshold question, “Do we want a comprehensive or
    grantor/grantee model?”

Approval of retainer for Tony Sebro’s legal services
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

https://docs.google.com/a/numfocus.org/file/d/0B-gSJFIZZXQPcU5xQkc3anBuUmM/edit

Action Items
------------
FP:  Send email to Tony with questions and answers.
