Minutes - May 29, 2013
######################
:url: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2013-05-29.html
:save_as: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2013-05-29.html


Attendance
----------
**Participating**:
Anthony Scopatz, Leah Silen, Ralf Gommers, Didrik Pinte, Jarrod Millman,
Fernando Perez

**Not Attending**:
Travis Oliphant, Andy Terrel, Perry Greenfield, Emmanuelle Gouillart

Treasurer’s Report
------------------
Hans-Petter Langtangen, on behalf of Simula Research Laboratory in Oslo,
Norway, made a $10,000 donation to the matplotlib project. We’ll make an
announcement of this on the NF website/mailing list.

5/15: Minutes approved
----------------------

Old Business
============

a.  Fiscal Sponsorship - Approval
    https://docs.google.com/document/d/1io9G2hJQ4-4EGy4Pqmlb9N-5MqMdmBMlzL_NhCBWfF4/edit

VOTE PASSED: We decided to remove this paragraph entirely and if it turns out
that “Ultimate Responsibility” clauses are needed, we can always add this
language back in either the main part of the document or as an addendum.

b.  Simula - $10,000 donation to matplotlib:  We’ll need to publicize now that
    the funds have come through.

c.  Sponsor level discussion and approval:
    https://docs.google.com/a/numfocus.org/document/d/12mjYidMAoA723gM07Dy7RCiRjZIpu4OHXw4Fv7pwcf0/edit
    https://docs.google.com/a/numfocus.org/document/d/12mjYidMAoA723gM07Dy7RCiRjZIpu4OHXw4Fv7pwcf0/edit

This was approved unanimously.

d.  Astropy request for approval of NumFOCUS taking ownership of the ERFA
    library, (Essential Routines for Fundamental Astronomy) - This was approved
    by an email vote 

Team reports
------------

Fernando will contact Josh Greenberg (Sloan), ccing Ralf, Andy, Jarrod and
Travis, to find out about the status of our request to the foundation.

New Business
============

a.  SciPy NumFOCUS BoF: Andy submitted a BoF session for the SciPy conference,
    as per the mailing list.

b. The women in science and engineering bootcamp, hosted in conjunction with
   Software Carpentry, is moving forward. Anthony and Leah have been working on
   the project and the financial management. Tracy Teal is heading up the
   instructor team for SWC on this project. JP Morgan has made a substantial
   donation to this women in tech project; they will send some of their
   engineers and developers to participate in the event as assistants and will
   help out.  There are 120 confirmed attendees and a waiting list. JP Morgan
   is sponsoring a dinner event with the group.

c. Didrik reported that EuroSciPy is moving forward with the sponsorship plan
   discussed earlier, we should have a confirmed decision in a few weeks. The
   creation of the European bank account is moving forward; Anthony indicates
   that if EuroScipy needs the funds before this account is ready, he could
   wire from the US (though it’s more expensive and less ideal).

f. Jarrod asked about the conference calling tech being used. We voted to
   cancel the NF GotoMeeting account, which was expensive ($150/month). We’ll
   test out Google+ hangouts, using Enthought’s GotoMeeting account as backup
   if needed, which they don’t need in that time slot.

Next meeting: 6/12
