Minutes - September 18, 2013
############################
:url: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2013-09-18.html
:save_as: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2013-09-18.html


Attendance
----------
**Participating**:
Leah Silen, Ralf Gommers, Matt Terry, Anthony Scopatz, Fernando Perez

**Not Attending**:
Emmanuelle Gouillart, Jarrod Millman, Perry Greenfield, Travis Oliphant, Andy
R. Terrel, Didrik Pinte

Treasurer’s Report
------------------
Anthony started the discussion of what to do regarding accounting tools. It’s
looking like QuickBooks + SmartVault  may be the way to go, so it’s easy to
associate documents with transactions.

Approval of Minutes from Last Meeting
-------------------------------------
The minutes are approved

Old Business
============

FSA Approval
------------
We will need two FSA documents, one for Grantor-Grantee model and one for the
comprehensive fiscal sponsorship model. Both the documents and the people
needing to sign those are very different.

We need to put on the website an explanation of what the difference is between
the models (pros/cons, legal implications, project governance impact), as well
as the two actual documents.

Three very useful documents:

1. Guidelines for Comprehensive Fiscal Sponsorship:
   http://www.tides.org/fileadmin/user/NNFS/NNFS-Fiscal-Sponsorship-Guidelines-for-Comprehensive.pdf

2. Guidelines for Pre-Approved Grant Relationship Fiscal Sponsorship:
   http://www.tides.org/fileadmin/user/NNFS/NNFS-Fiscal-Sponsorship-Guidelines-for-Pre-Approved-Grant-Relationship.pdf


3. The above are both drafted in part from the book “Six ways to do it right”
   by G. Colvin, the following is a summary of the book’s main points by the
   same author:
   http://grants.firesafecouncil.org/Fiscal_Sponsorship_Six_Ways_To_Do_It_Right.pdf

Fernando will go back to the original SFC FSA now that we understand it,
re-edit it and attempt to get a complete FSA for the comprehensive model agreed
upon asap.

The following motion is approved: after email voting on the Grantor-Grantee FSA
is completed (aim is to do this today), we forward that FSA to Tony Sebro for
review.

The New Website: defining project levels and associations 
----------------------------------------------------------

Once documents are approved, there should be an official “documents archive”
area.

Donations via Google Checkout are broken, Anthony has access to those.

Leah will provide Matt with the source documents for the logo.

Access to old WordPress site to recover the comments?  Leah will provide Matt
login credentials so he can pull the old comment archive out.

Ralf will help Matt with copy editing when he needs review of certain items.

More information about corporate sponsorship?  The description of how to get
involved for corporate entities needs to be clarified; Leah will follow up with
Matt to include a more descriptive document on the site.


New Business
============

Microsoft
---------

Since IPython will become a comprehensive member of Numfocus, the Microsoft
donation can be listed as a standard Numfocus one.  We will link the sponsors
Numfocus page with the official announcement on the IPython site once that’s
up.
