Minutes - December 15, 2014
############################
:url: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2014-12-15.html
:save_as: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2014-12-15.html


Attendance
----------
**Participating**:
Andy Terrel, Brian Granger, Didrik Pinte, Leah Silen, Jarrod Millman, Cindee
Madison, Perry Greenfield, Ralf Gommers, Stefan Karpinski, Lorena Barba

**Not Attending**:
-


Approval of Minutes from Last Meeting
-------------------------------------
Oct. 27th and Dec. 1st minutes: approved


Treasurer's Report
------------------
An overview of bank balances and project balances is presented.


Items Approved by Email
=======================
#. Include the embedded corporate matching gift information and search on our
   fundraising site, which will cost a fee of $199 for one year's usage.
#. Stefan Karpinski accepted invitation as new Board Member
#. Ben Zaitlen invited as VP of Communications (accepted)  


Old Business
============

[Andy] European status
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
- Proposal and questions to lawyers: document discussed.
- Need to schedule out-of-band meeting -- postpone until Leah has discussed with
  Nature Conservancy. 
- Nature Conservancy: a non-profit in US and UK / Berlin. Leah calling them.

[Leah] Holiday Giving Campaign 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
- http://numfocus.org/take-action/holiday-donations.html 
- Going slow, have 18 donations.
- Board Members please tweet and spread on mailing lists.
- Put on all project mailing list.
- In future we may want to have bar chart or list names of donors, so people
  can see how the drive is going.

[Ralf] Updates on MingW-w64 proposal
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Sent Carl Kleffner a set of questions on long term sustainability.
Will draft a letter to PSF, aim at completing it by the end of 2014.
Waiting on response from Carl.

[Andy] Updates for Spyder FSA 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Carlos Cordoba wants to be a comprehensive FSA.
Previously he was denied because it didn’t have much community (only one person).
Put in touch with Sympy per tax solutions.
Do we just want to push him to a G/G FSA?
Not enough community to consider stable or use our bandwidth for.
Tax work would be required by Spyder
Need to develop guidelines for who we sign comprehensive FSAs with.


New Business
============

[Leah] Data Carpentry
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Approval of FSA. They’d like to sign this week if possible.

- Just waiting on Fiscal Leadership board names.
- Changed mission a bit to focus on mission from standard FSA to match Data
  Carpentry’s mission.
- Brian moves to approve FSA, Cindee seconds.  Approved unanimously.

[Leah] Matching campaign for donation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
- Donor has given a $5000 donation to encourage matching donations.
- Suggestions on how to spread word about this opportunity for matching

  - Jarrod suggests Ask donor to write up why to donate.
  - Send out to our mailing lists.

[Andy] Gensim project
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
- https://radimrehurek.com/gensim/
- Should it be a supported project (http://numfocus.org/projects/index.html)?
- Probably too small to sign a FSA
- Board Members: Please try to download and install and do sanity check
- Move  vote to email list 

[Andy] Update on Advisory Committee
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
- Discussed mission of the advisory counsel position
- Discussed potential members

[Andy] Discussion on communication and process
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
- Over email we have been discussing how to track our decisions better. Generally
  folks want to have a document that is tracking our decision process. A few
  potential possibilities:

  - GDrive docs
  - Github documents

- Jarrod is more interested in Github since GDrive is not as efficient for him
- Lorena uses markdown and Github in her group and does quite a bit more managements
- Brian sees PRs and organizations working in other spaces. Interested in
  seeing the process work out better.

  - GDrive will still have some purpose (no spreadsheets in Github)
  - Really need to have changes tracked better on things like the FSA documents.
  - Will need to make sure we are able to work on documents with other parties.
  - Probably need to think about automated way of integrating with Google docs

- Committee on a process: Brian and Jarrod

[Andy] Manual of Operations
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Started manual at https://github.com/numfocus/numfocus just to keep a simpler
set of instructions on how we operate.

[Andy] Webpage updates
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
- Updated board http://numfocus.org/foundation/board.html 
- Updated Projects to include donation buttons http://numfocus.org/projects/index.html 
- Ben Zaitlen will be working on Blog details.

[Jarrod] Sloan foundation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Leah is preparing a proposal for first part Jan. (see email discussion)

[Lorena] Twitter handle
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Twitter handle should be handed over to someone will need to have someone who
uses it regularly (maybe Ben Zaitlen?).
