Minutes - May 12, 2014
#######################
:url: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2014-05-12.html
:save_as: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2014-05-12.html


Attendance
----------
**Participating**:
Leah Silen, Anthony Scopatz, Andy Terrel, Perry Greenfield, Ralf Gommers

**Not Attending**:
Fernando Perez, Travis Oliphant, Jarrod Millman, Didrik Pinte, Emmanuelle
Gouillart

Approval of Minutes from Last Meeting
-------------------------------------
not done

Treasurer's Report
------------------
Advice from Raymond Hettiger: get a bookkeeper. Found one for $75/hr; expected
one or two hours per month of work needed. Motion approved to pay Yvette
Hernandez as our bookkeeper.

Tax extension to be put in by this Thursday.


Old Business
============

Election information on the website
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Website frontpage now ported to Pelican and merged into the numfocus.org Github
repo. Other pages will be transferred to the new format soon, Andy is working
on this with the web designers.

Report from PyData
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Women in Technology event went great, 60 high school students, good
collaboration between Numfocus and Facebook. Leah will write up a blog post,
and solicit some more content.

Review process for the fellowship?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Three complete applications so far, some more expected at the last minute. We
see no need to extend the deadline. Aim for a preliminary review completed by
the next board meeting; perhaps a separate board will be needed.  Website needs
to be updated after the deadline to reflect that deadline expiration. Ralf will
do this after May 15. Other than that no work on the website is needed.


New Business
============

Astropy domain name
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
AstroPy is transferring their domain name to NumFocus.  Website being down
should not be an issue.
