Minutes - February 03, 2014
############################
:url: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2014-02-03.html
:save_as: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2014-02-03.html


Attendance
----------
**Participating**:
Fernando Perez, Leah Silen, Perry Greenfield, Didrik Pinte.

Erik Tollerud and Thomas Robitaille from the AstroPy project are visiting.

**Not Attending**:
Jarrod Millman, Andy Terrel, Travis Oliphant, Ralf Gommers, Emmanuelle
Gouillart, Anthony Scopatz.

Approval of Minutes from Last Meeting
-------------------------------------
Postponed to future meeting for purposes of reaching quorum

Treasurer's Report
------------------
no update

Old Business
============
not discussed


New Business
============

Astropy NASA Challenge
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Since we don’t have enough quorum for a vote, we gathered some input from
Thomas and Erik, and will finish up the discussion/vote over email.

Astropy was contacted by a NASA Grand Challenge manager. The GC program is a
large science & outreach effort, aimed at the problem of asteroids hitting the
Earth.  The idea would be to have Astropy be an official member of the GC. That
would entail for example having ‘bounties’ to develop specific aspects of
Astropy that would be related to the GC goals. The GC program wants an
agreement with Astropy that would entail cross-listing and promotion (astropy &
GC program), prizes for competitions and potentially grants in the future.  The
GC program needs to be able to sign this agreement with a legal entity, and
since Astropy has no individual legal standing, we are considering whether NF
could play that role.  This is a requirement of the fact that NASA is running
the program.  We explained to the Astropy team what the Grantor/Grantee and
Comprehensive FSA models entail, and they will take it back to their community
to decide whether to apply for Numfocus sponsorship.

Julia folks on 3/17?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The Julia team is also interested in asking us some questions about FSAs. They
will join our call on 3/17 for that purpose.
