Minutes - October 27, 2014
###########################
:url: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2014-10-27.html
:save_as: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2014-10-27.html


Attendance
----------
**Participating**:
Cindee Madison, Leah Silen, Perry Greenfield, Jarrod Millman, Didrik Pinte

**Not Attending**:
Andy Terrel, Brian Granger, Lorena Barba, Ralf Gommers


Approval of Minutes from Last Meeting
-------------------------------------
unanimously approved


Treasurer's Report
------------------
no update


Old Business
============

MinGW-w64 proposal
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Approval of mingw-w64 proposal by Carl Kleffner.  Response suggested it was
possibly out of scope (email: sept 30), follow up with email or Andy?
Proposal was above our ability to fund.

Vice Presidents
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Two candidates approached.  Further discussion tabled until Andy arrives (was
unable to make meeting).


New Business
============

Resignation Anthony Scopatz
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
- Open board position as a result of Anthony’s resignation.
- Vice Presidents take on some responsibilities?
- Bookkeeper and Firm doing our taxes 
- Oversee and make reports
- Get the ability to have high level view on funding each month
- Vote over candidates for open board position to be moved to email list
  (action Jarrod).

Financial status
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Method for reporting our financial level/status at each board meeting
discussed.

New FSA’s
~~~~~~~~~
New FSA's: Software Carpentry (signed), matplotlib (reviewing FSA):

- Change on website (open pull request) to update our new relationships
- Matplotlib is reviewing (been @ week)
- Spyder also interested 
- Jarrod: surprised by SWC FSA, where has this been discussed, open question
  about our process? 

  - First outreach via DataCarpentry. Greg Wilson to board members about
    relationship with Mozilla switch to NumFOCUS, Only a few board members were
    primary contacts, and there is concern that this “fell through the cracks”
    in terms of communication with the board. We are all excited about SWC,
    (postmortem: need better clarity with board) Can we get a summary of the
    context of this relationship to help clarity for the board? Future
    discussion when more board members at meeting. FSA in future should require
    board approval? Add to bylaws. (This is all about process not the
    relationship)

Women In Technology update
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Committee: Primary Goals outlined by Committee:

- Mentorship/outreach to improve representation of at conferences (both attending and speaking)
- Linkedin group (mentorship and to help with hiring).  Separate DB for linking mentors to mentees.
- Connecting Academic Departments to open source tools:

  - Not specific to WIT
  - Envision working with SWC for WISE/WIT events


Cloud computing resource for WIT Tutorial/coding events:

- Could we make a proposal to use Microsoft Azure for an online Wakari
  interface for teaching at some of the WIT outreach courses?
- AWS ? Cloud computing for Berkeley?
- Rackspace (they have donated some to NumFOCUS via Pydata, and never used)?
  (They have shown significant investment in NumFOCUS)

Diversity Scholarships... important to continue this.


Fundraising campaign
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Leah talked to Travis about trying to get more money ….end of the year
donations, and good time of year for outreach.  E.g. “We are looking for 150
people to give $50”.

Start some kind of campaign to get the word out, and get people used to seeing
some fundraising activity by NumFOCUS. Important to keep money coming in,
usually we can get the money but we need to start some kind of process around
regular fund raising, even if just for visibility across our community. 

Endpoints help, where money goes helps in terms of fundraising:

- Can we earmark donations? 
- Easy to make buttons on paypay (50, 100) 
- All scipy conferences had scholarships, 
- Scikit-learn sprint help. 

Have a chart of how money has been spent.  Raise money for a sprint for a core
project, and have projects apply?  Examples of how $5000 would be used...

Before next board meeting: Cindee and Leah to send email about fundraising.
Matching funds? Corporate ideas (ideas from Leah?) List of WIT uses for funding
(paragraph to few sentences).  Bring before the board for a vote.

Year-end report
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Move toward having a year end report. Get quotes from people who have been
funded, and some pictures for website. John Hunter Scholarship? Olga (short
sentence or paragraph).

