Minutes - July 21, 2014
########################
:url: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2014-07-21.html
:save_as: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2014-07-21.html


Attendance
----------
**Participating**:
Perry Greenfield, Jarrod Millman, Andy Terrel, Leah Silen, Cindee Madison,
Anthony Scopatz, Brian Granger, Ralf Gommers

**Not Attending**:
Lorena Barba, Didrik Pinte


Approval of Minutes from Last Meeting
-------------------------------------
Andy - propose, Jarrod - second, passes


Treasurer's Report
------------------

Brief update on book-keeping:

- Signed contract with TANO for next year
- Leah met with Joanne (from TANO) last Monday
- First order of business, reconcile our books and do taxes


Old Business
============


Summary of SciPy
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- Booth entire time. Lots of folks came by.
- Jake Vanderplas proposed having a training for faculty to know about the tools 
- WSSSPE idea: Project dev days
- 26 new members

  - Oreilly willing to do a discount
  - Jonathan R. talked about SciPy2015 discount
  - Project stickers for folks who are donating.

- Page on website for instructions for contributing 
- BoF:

  - Are society or grantmaking foundation?
  - DHHS to set overhead rates for university. -- Mike McKerns
  - Who owns copyright to code?

- Blog post -- Andy


New Business
============

Introduce new board members
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- Lorena Barba
- Brian Granger
- Cindee Madison
- Add to board member
- Add bios to pages: https://github.com/numfocus/numfocus.org/blob/master/content/pages/foundation/board.rst

Need new officers
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- Travis and Fernando have moved to Board of Advisors. Need to elect new officers
  (see http://numfocus.org/media/docs/bylaws.pdf Article 4).
- Chairman. Volunteers: Jarrod Millman
- President (current - Jarrod Millman). Volunteers: Andy R. Terrel
- Treasurer (current - Anthony Scopatz). Volunteers: Anthony Scopatz
- Secretary. Volunteers: Ralf 

Email the vote.

Designation of Leah Silen as Executive Director
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
http://numfocus.org/foundation/staff.html

Moving forward on structural changes
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- Update bylaws for: terms of office, advisory board and VP board.
- Move board meetings to monthly.  Do a doodle poll to find good time slot.
  Fixed schedule versus weekly poll: small set of choices to make the monthly
  doodle smaller.
    
Seek out people to fill VP roles
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
(see http://numfocus.org/news/2014/05/12/numfocus-elections-2014/)

- Add point of contact for each role on the Board of Directors
- *Technology*: Responsible for managing the NumFOCUS web tech (website, drive, …).
- *Fundraising*: Responsible for coordinating fundraising events and
  corresponding with sponsors.
- *Communications*: Responsible for managing web content, blogs, and
  corresponding with membership.
- *Programs*: Responsible for coordination of NumFOCUS sponsored programs such
  as fellowships, conference events, and so on.  Ben Zaitlen volunteered for
  this position.
- *Assistant Treasurer*: Responsible for managing project funds and
  correspondence with those projects.

