Minutes - March 03, 2014
#########################
:url: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2014-03-03.html
:save_as: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2014-03-03.html


Attendance
----------
**Participating**:
Perry Greenfield, Leah Silen, Andy Terrel, Fernando Perez, Ralf Gommers

**Not Attending**:
Anthony Scopatz, Travis Oliphant, Didrik Pinte, Jarrod Millman, Emmanuelle
Gouillart

Approval of Minutes from Last Meeting
-------------------------------------
Approved

Treasurer's Report
------------------
No large updates.

Old Business
============

Election details 
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
- discussed draft document
- Need to determine which board members to have their position up for election.
  Ask for volunteers: (Andy contact list for those interested in stepping
  down).
- Try to encourage more diversity in board
- Worry about Chair, Secretary, and Treasurer after elections.

Project Grant Request Application
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
- Radim on the mailing list to set up project application on the website
  (https://github.com/numfocus/numfocus.org/pull/62/files).
- Andy volunteers to look at website.
- Need to highlight the three paths to:
  
  - Full comprehensive FSA (email admin list)
  - Grantor/Grantee (email admin list)
  - One off, adhoc item by item request (case by case basis, needs official
    application form on web)
  - First attempt by Matt to describe all three: https://github.com/numfocus/numfocus.org/pull/38 

Disco Sponsorship
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Waiting on contact to continue website transfer.

Website
~~~~~~~
In need of maintenance.  Travis has offered time from Continuum web developer
(Lila Hickey).  Need to get her a list of changes to be made. (Github issues)
Would be good to make sure her toolchain is available to others.  Andy can work
as project manager.


New Business
============

Fiscal Sponsorship program
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Email reply to groups interested in our Fiscal Sponsorship program, e.g. Kansas
City Open Hardware Society.  www.kcohg.org

- Worry about size of KCOHS and not sure we can support the load.
- Not able to take risk for holding events.
- A bit outside our mission
- Fernando: not worried about mission as hardware and software converging
- Have great set of sponsors to collaborate with.
- Good to contact about them helping Numfocus grow and extend our own
  capabilities. If they are less willing to build our community suggest
  Software Conservancy.  (Fernando agrees to contact them).

Report on PyData London
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
- Went really well, first European PyData.
- Interest in Numfocus from Spanish university.
- http://ianozsvald.com/2014/02/24/pydatalondon-2014/
- Starting pyladies group in London
- Next Silicon Valley then after EuroPython in Berlin
- Fernando gave talk at Facebook
- Facebook giving venue for Silicon Valley PyData 2014

Support for SciPy2014 Women Social
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
- Scipy committee asking for support again this year
- Want to have a speaker this year
- Evening social invited 
- Can we support their social last year given $300
- This year would be good to include stipends for a woman 
- Ask Kristen to send an email to Numfocus with details for support

General sponsorship for SciPy conference
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
- Propose a silver sponsorship: $2000
- Need to get numbers on discretionary budget.
- Seems Anthony has not taken the 7% out of IPython grant.

