Minutes - August 25, 2014
##########################
:url: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2014-08-25.html
:save_as: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2014-08-25.html


Attendance
----------
**Participating**:
Leah Silen, Cindee Madison, Andy Terrel, Ralf Gommers, Didrik Pinte, Jarrod
Millman, Lorena Barba, Anthony Scopatz

**Not Attending**:
Perry Greenfield, Brian Granger


Approval of Minutes from Last Meeting
-------------------------------------
Unanimously approved


Treasurer's Report
------------------
no update


Items Approved by Email
=======================

NumFOCUS Officers
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Slate of officers approved as follows:

- Chairman: Jarrod Millman
- President: Andy Terrel
- Treasurer: Anthony Scopatz
- Secretary: Ralf Gommers

Austin PyLadies Hackathon
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Transferring remaining balance of SciPy Diversity Scholarship Funding to the
Austin PyLadies group to be used for their upcoming hackathon approved.


Old Business
============

Update on John Hunter Technology Fellowship
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Olga received approval from to accept money from her funding agency.
Need to review what we need to change for next fellowship - Ralf to lead.

New FSA’s
~~~~~~~~~
#. The Julia FSA has been sent out and is awaiting signatures.
   Went out on 8/13 but status is still pending
#. We are currently working with rOpenSci to sign.  Fernando, Andy, Leah, and
   Lorena met with them.  Going back and forth on wording around entity,
   consulting Tony about these details

Update on Vice Presidents
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Still pending.  Andy is planning to send out invites in the next few weeks.

IPython contract
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Contractor Service Agreement for IPython is waiting on final approval from Tony Sebro. 


New Business
============

(First two items were tabled in last meeting)

Microsoft Azure hours donations (Wenming Ye)
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
- Possible binstar.org CI for continuously build NumFOCUS projects Proposed by Andy.
- Wheel builds from Matthew Brett (server from Rackspace)
- General computing available for people?  Send out email to lists to make a proposal.
- Contact Wenming Ye (action Andy)

  - Ask what kind of proposals to be accepted
  - What timing do we need to accommodate
  - After contacting, send out a call for proposals to general lists

- Ask for a large donation of hours to manage via Numfocus

  - maybe for a competition (possibly at a conference?)
  - or for subawards

Membership
~~~~~~~~~~
New Membership Perks: stickers, SciPy discount, O’Reilly ebook coupon or discount

- Need to approve stickers.
- Jonathan Rocher talked about SciPy and PyData discount
- O’Reilly ebook discounts
- possible opt-out for mail
- (we are around 76 members now)

Conference Participation
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
We had a NumFOCUS table at both EuroPython and PyData Berlin. 

Astronomy workshop funding request
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Request for scholarship funding from Thomas Robitaille for Python in Astronomy
workshop in Leiden:

- Summary: $10K for international travelers to workshop
- Jarrod proposed to give $2K, Cindee second, passed unanimously
- Leah will follow up with Thomas

PyData Seattle
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
eScience Institute and Microsoft will be sponsoring PyData Seattle which will
be held in 2015.

- Jake Vanderplas wants to host a PyData 
- Working on getting a date set, based on Microsoft venue availability.

SciDev Conference Day
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Possibility of hosting SciDev (http://scidev.io) Conference Day at O’Reilly’s
Strata San Jose.  Andy: Should NumFOCUS be involved (tentatively for first year)?

- Sounds good to go ahead as a NumFOCUS event
- Next steps is to put together a conference committee
- Ideas for speakers discussed.
- Unanimous consent to approve emails for committee invitations.

Bylaws
~~~~~~
By-laws needs updating Board of Advisors and Vice Presidents.

