Minutes - December 01, 2014
############################
:url: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2014-12-01.html
:save_as: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2014-12-01.html


Attendance
----------
**Participating**:
Andy Terrel, Brian Granger, Didrik Pinte, Leah Silen, Jarrod Millman, Cindee
Madison, Perry Greenfield, Ralf Gommers

**Not Attending**:
Lorena Barba


Approval of Minutes from Last Meeting
-------------------------------------
not done


Treasurer's Report
------------------
Update given on bank balances and amount allocated to projects that signed an
FSA.


Items Approved by Email
=======================

PyData Diversity Scholarships
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
$2,000 given for PyData Diversity Scholarships out of WIT funds.

Learn to Code Summit
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Participation in the Learn to Code Summit organized by Greg Wilson. Do we want
to be billed as a Co-host, Host, Sponsor?

- Needs to be added to NumFOCUS programs
- Plan to be main host, or top co-host for the Event
- http://training-up.org/

European status of NumFOCUS
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Moving forward to establish NumFOCUS as a charitable organization in Europe as
a Dutch “foundation” to receive donations from European entities at a cost of
$1,500.

- Dutch process would be fastest and possibly cheapest (see http://philantropia.org/)
- Individual liability: individuals exposed as part of a company or non-profit,
  We should find details on liability in US and in Europe and share with board.
- Would allow most flexibility?
- France has more potential members?  However France is worst place to set up.
- All countries would need a member in the country
- UK also very difficult to set up? 
- Current Motion is to move forward and pay notary fee to move forward to
  presence in NL (EU).  Not approved:

  - Start a document with background and include specific questions for the lawyer 
  - Set up a meeting sooner than next board meeting if possible


Old Business
============

Holiday season fundraising
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Holiday fundraising campaign to be promoted now through Jan. 31. Matching Gift
program will cost $199/yr.

Treasurer position
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Open board chair position (Treasurer):

- Need a volunteer to be in compliance with IRS 501c3 status
- Less onerous than was in the past with bookkeeper and Quickbooks integration.
- Needs someone on current board rather than new.
- Time commitment of 1 hour a week
- Needs to have another person on hand to be signatory
- Didrik Pinte volunteers.

Data Carpentry FSA
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Data Carpentry is ready to sign an FSA. Tracy Teal is our contact.

MinGW-w64 grant request
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Carl Kleffner proposal re-submitted: Continue discussion by email. Proposal
needs to be clearer; what does $1k get us?

XSEDE/Apache proposal
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
- Andy will schedule a meeting with these organisations this week, and follow up
  with them together with Brian.
- White paper will be drafted (most likely all orgs together) and be voted on.

Election process
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Sent email for a vote on last four (Andy will setup ranking poll and send out
email).  Vote by 5 Dec midnight.


New Business
============


Additional staff position
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
discussed

Decision making process
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Review decision making process needed.

Software Carpentry FSA
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Vote for FSA for Software Carpentry: unanimously approved

FSA signing process
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
FSA's require a vote by Board.  Summary of changes to default documents.  Ideally Board should have a head’s up so there is no additional delay. Anticipated upcoming FSA votes:

- Matplotlib
- Spyder
- Scikit-learn

Data Carpentry FSA
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Upcoming vote to approve Data Carpentry comprehensive FSA.  No planned edits to
document.  Will vote by email and allow 5 days.  Data Carpentry signatories:
Tracy Teal, Greg Wilson, ?

Scikit-learn FSA
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Upcoming vote to approve scikit-learn comprehensive FSA.  No planned edits to
document. Will vote by email and allow 5 days.

