Minutes - June 16, 2014
########################
:url: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2014-06-16.html
:save_as: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2014-06-16.html


Attendance
----------
**Participating**:
Anthony Scopatz, Andy Terrel, Leah Silen, Ralf Gommers

**Not Attending**:
Fernando Perez, Travis Oliphant, Perry Greenfield, Didrik Pinte, Jarrod
Millman, Emmanuelle Gouillart


Old Business
============

Elections
~~~~~~~~~
Discussion on what vice-president roles mean and whether they should be elected
or appointed.

Discussion on who to include. List of candidates sent out by Andy.

- Of the above names, only Brian and Ben suggested themselves as board members,
  the rest are added to this list by a board member.
- Do we need at least one woman on the board? --> yes
- Do we need a corporate fundraiser-type person on the board? That’s maybe more
  a profile for a “board of advisors” (which we currently don’t have).
- All agree that it’s important to increase diversity in the next selection round.
- We need some people with vision and also people that execute.
- VPs are already mentioned in the by-laws, so can be introduced without amending those.
- All agree that including a Julia community member would be good. Some concern
  about including an R community representative, due to non-involvement so far,
  size of the community, existence of R Foundation and that community’s strong
  preference for GPL.

Andy will write up a summary of the discussion of today and send it to the
admin list, so we will be able to have an effective discussion next board
meeting.
