Minutes - May 27, 2014
#######################
:url: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2014-05-27.html
:save_as: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2014-05-27.html


Attendance
----------
**Participating**:
Leah Silen, Andy Terrel, Ralf Gommers, Jarrod Millman, Didrik Pinte, Travis
Oliphant

**Not Attending**:
Fernando Perez, Emmanuelle Gouillart, Perry Greenfield, Anthony Scopatz

Approval of Minutes from Last Meeting
-------------------------------------
not done

Treasurer's Report
------------------
no update

Old Business
============

JH Fellowship applications review
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

- Ranked applications and voted.  Outcome in order (out of 7): Olga Damien, Connie.
- Give other board members 48 hours to vote to approve Olga as the fellowship.
  Jarrod to email board
- Will request Olga and her mentors give a set of milestones to organize the
  proposed project. Ralf to correspond with awarding fellowship:

    - Contact Olga about if able to accept award
    - Work with fellowship office to arrange the money
    - If overhead is 50%, then ask her to work full time over two summers
    - Work with her mentor for milestones

- Travis will write “press release” on Olga and the Fellowship

Website update
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Andy still working with Lila to get the rest of the pages to match the front
page style. Hopes to have something by next meeting.


New Business
============

Support for NeuroDebian promo materials
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Yaroslav Halchenko requested ~$450 for proofing & printing materials, also
offered to promote Numfocus with existing promo materials.

- Consent is to give money on the condition that he acknowledge Numfocus with
  logo, byline and url.
- Vote passed unanimously
