Minutes - June 09, 2014
########################
:url: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2014-06-09.html
:save_as: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2014-06-09.html


Attendance
----------
**Participating**:
Anthony Scopatz, Andy Terrel, Leah Silen, Travis Oliphant, Perry Greenfield,
Didrik Pinte

**Not Attending**:
Ralf Gommers, Fernando Perez, Jarrod Millman

Approval of Minutes from Last Meeting
-------------------------------------
not done

Treasurer's Report
------------------
no update

Old Business
============

Julia FSA
~~~~~~~~~
Leah will begin the process of getting the FSA signed by the Julia
representatives. 

Hopefully by next week the EchoSign will go out.

JH Fellowship
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Announcement of the Fellowship recipient and notification of those not
selected. Press release?

Travis will draft the Press release by Thursday of this week and wait for
fellowship approval before sending out.

Ralf & Olga are supposed to be in touch with the UCSD fellowship office.

Elections at SciPy
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Andy will send out an email and try to up a special meeting for next week.


New Business
============

Diversity Scholarships for PyData Berlin
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Approval of Diversity Scholarships for PyData Berlin: $2,500.  This would be
instead of a Women in Technology event at PyData.  Passed, no objections.

Website
~~~~~~~
Mobile improvements happening by Leila

Content Needed:

- Women in Technology Page
- Conferences
- Projects
- News
- Apply for grant
- Contribute

Travis stepping down
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Travis was elected to the PSF board and will be stepping down from the NF board
come the SciPy Elections. Congratulations!

