Minutes - January 06, 2014
###########################
:url: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2014-01-06.html
:save_as: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2014-01-06.html


Attendance
----------
**Participating**:
Leah Silen, Andy Terrel, Jarrod Millman, Anthony Scopatz

**Not Attending**:
Didrik Pinte, Ralf Gommers, Travis Oliphant, Perry Greenfield, Fernando Perez,
Emmanuelle Gouillart

Approval of Minutes from Last Meeting
-------------------------------------
Minutes of 9 Dec 2013 meeting are approved.

Treasurer's Report
------------------
Anthony provided an overview of bank balances.


Old Business
============

Comprehensive FSA Approval
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Approved via email, and IPython has/is signing document.

John Hunter Fellowship
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Pending work by Jarrod and/or Ralf.

Membership form
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Perry needed.

Document Storage and adoption of a Document Retention Policy
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Safety deposit box still needed (Leah looking into this).  Considering more
widespread smartvault.

SymPy update on signing of FSA
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
SymPy is still reviewing their options, but will be deciding soon.  (We need a
separate fiscal sponsorship page on the website.  The information is on the
website now under Donations.)


New Business
============

Per diem system for conference scholarship recipients
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Use US government standard per diem rate for meal and incidentals was approved.

http://www.gsa.gov/portal/content/101518

Suggested changes to logo: NumFOCUS to Numfocus
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Approved via email.

Elections
~~~~~~~~~
We proposed to move election to later this year.  Eventually we want to open
elections to the general membership, but for now we will do something more
informal to help ensure continuity and all our membership model to get
finalized before opening to voting.

The tentative proposal for now is to request nominations from the general
mailing list.  Then the board will review and order the list of potential
nominees.  Any board member who wishes to stay would get a one year appointment
and new members will have two years.

We have a preference for representation from the different sectors (industry,
academic, etc.)  We will need to have a blog post before the election this
year.  Andy Terrel will draft a blog post summarizing our discussion that will
be noted on in the next meeting.

Disco domain transfer
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Approved
