Minutes - September 29, 2014
#############################
:url: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2014-09-29.html
:save_as: foundation/minutes/board-meeting-minutes2014-09-29.html


Attendance
----------
**Participating**:
Leah Silen, Andy Terrel, Brian Granger, Cindee Madison, Didrik Pinte, Lorena
Barba, Jarrod Millman, Perry Greenfield

**Not Attending**:
Anthony Scopatz, Ralf Gommers


Approval of Minutes from Last Meeting
-------------------------------------
Approved unanimously


Treasurer's Report
------------------
no update


Old Business
============

IPython contract
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Contractor Agreement for Jonathan Fredric (for IPython) discussed.  This will
serve as a general template moving forward, although minor edits will have to
be made for each new contract.

Bylaws
~~~~~~
Proposed Bylaw Amendments discussed.  Andy proposes to approve, Brian seconds:
passed unanimously.

Vice Presidents
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Where do we stand on getting the new positions up and running?

Busy working on previous documents, so not much progress.  A number of
candidates discussed.  Andy will ping potential candidates and send
confirmation via email.

Membership
~~~~~~~~~~
Membership follow up - engaging new volunteers:

- Leah email members that have shown interest.
- try to find a VP of Membership and forward to them.

rOpenSci FSA
~~~~~~~~~~~~
- We’re waiting on the last signature.
- Need to get on website
- Also need to update site on Julia
- Can we make a FAQ on this topic from the questions on the back and forth?

Microsoft Azure donations
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Is there any follow up that needs to be made regarding the donations or
applications?

- Solicit for proposals (numfocus email list)
- Try to get a large allocation from NumFOCUS that allows us to quickly award
  projects.
- Brian and Andy to sync up for a better option.


New Business
============

MinGW-w64 proposal
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Approval of mingw-w64 Proposal by Carl Kleffner discussed:

- Not possible to fund on current funds
- Could post to proposals seeking funding
- Andy to follow up with Carl.

Women In Technology program
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Approval to form a committee to help with the WIT programs. WIT discussion:

- 15k of 50k (get some numbers from Leah)
- Seeking another 50k or new sponsors
- Also donation of space, hosting the events
- Hosted on Numfocus until bigger
- Several volunteers engaged.
- Diversity in Computing email list
- Formation of Committee approved unanimously

Shogun travel grant request
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Vote on Heiko Strathmann’s request for a grant to help fund his trip to NYC to
give an invited presentation of Shogun at an Open-Source Machine Learning
Workshop.  Vote moved to email.

PyData Strata
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Will happen on October 15.

IPython Steering Council
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
- Would like to formalize their technical leadership. Brings up the question of
  that relation between that team and fiscal team corresponding with NumFOCUS.
- rOpenSci overlaps the two teams

NumFOCUS employees?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
When should we take on employees, risks involved?

Invoice approval
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Invoices from Tony Sebro for work on Contractor Service Agreement and on the
rOpenSci FSA: passed unanimously

PyData
~~~~~~
Review/update of future PyData Conference plans.

